docs/installation.md, before:

# Installation

## Requirements

- **Zig** 0.13.0 or later
- **Python** 3.8 or later (with development headers)

!!! note "Python Version Support"
    PyOZ supports Python 3.8 through 3.13. Testing is performed on Python 3.9 - 3.13.

## Installing Zig

### Linux

```bash
# Download from ziglang.org
wget https://ziglang.org/download/0.13.0/zig-linux-x86_64-0.13.0.tar.xz
tar xf zig-linux-x86_64-0.13.0.tar.xz
export PATH=$PATH:$(pwd)/zig-linux-x86_64-0.13.0
```

Or use your package manager:

```bash
# Ubuntu/Debian (may have older version)
sudo apt install zig

# Arch Linux
sudo pacman -S zig
```

### macOS

```bash
# Homebrew
brew install zig

# Or download from ziglang.org
```

### Windows

Download from [ziglang.org](https://ziglang.org/download/) and add to PATH.

## Installing Python Development Headers

### Linux

```bash
# Ubuntu/Debian
sudo apt install python3-dev

# Fedora
sudo dnf install python3-devel

# Arch Linux
sudo pacman -S python
```

### macOS

Python development headers are included with the system Python or Homebrew Python.

### Windows

Install Python from [python.org](https://python.org) with the "Install development files" option.

## Setting Up a PyOZ Project

### Option 1: Add as Zig Dependency

Add PyOZ to your `build.zig.zon`:

```zig
.{
    .name = "my-python-extension",
    .version = "0.1.0",
    .dependencies = .{
        .PyOZ = .{
            .url = "https://github.com/dzonerzy/PyOZ/archive/refs/tags/v0.4.0.tar.gz",
            .hash = "...", // Get hash from release
        },
    },
}
```

Then in your `build.zig`:

```zig
const std = @import("std");

pub fn build(b: *std.Build) void {
    const target = b.standardTargetOptions(.{});
    const optimize = b.standardOptimizeOption(.{});

    const pyoz_dep = b.dependency("PyOZ", .{
        .target = target,
        .optimize = optimize,
    });

    const lib = b.addSharedLibrary(.{
        .name = "mymodule",
        .root_source_file = b.path("src/main.zig"),
        .target = target,
        .optimize = optimize,
    });

    lib.root_module.addImport("PyOZ", pyoz_dep.module("PyOZ"));

    // Link Python
    lib.linkSystemLibrary("python3");
    lib.addIncludePath(.{ .cwd_relative = "/usr/include/python3.10" });

    b.installArtifact(lib);
}
```

### Option 2: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dzonerzy/PyOZ.git
cd PyOZ
zig build example  # Build the example module
```

## Verifying Installation

After building, test your module:

```bash
cd zig-out/lib
python3 -c "import mymodule; print(mymodule.add(2, 3))"
```

## Next Steps

Continue to the [Quick Start](quickstart.md) guide to build your first PyOZ module.

Commit message:

feat: stub generator overhaul, Module.toPy/fromPy, PyPI improvements
- Fix 6 stub generator issues: duplicate class/exception dedup, dunder
  return type introspection, docstring propagation, parameter name
  overrides via __params__, return type overrides via __returns__
- Add Module.toPy/Module.fromPy for class-aware conversions
- Fix get_* property scanner treating non-function decls as getters
- Refactor slot dunder filtering (mod.zig builds type-specific list)
- Fix __repr__/__str__ use-after-free in repr.zig
- Remove comptime from raise functions in exceptions.zig
- Include README.md in PyPI wheel METADATA
- Update pyproject.toml and build_wheels.py with pyoz.dev links
- Comprehensive documentation updates for all new features
- Bump version to 0.9.0

docs/installation.md, after:

# Installation

## Installing PyOZ CLI

The easiest way to get the `pyoz` CLI:

```bash
pip install pyoz
```

This installs prebuilt binaries for Linux (x86_64/aarch64), macOS (x86_64/arm64), and Windows (x86_64/arm64). No compilation needed.

Alternatively, download a binary from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/dzonerzy/PyOZ/releases) or build from source with `zig build cli`.

## Requirements

- **Zig** 0.15.0 or later
- **Python** 3.8 or later (with development headers)

!!! note "Python Version Support"
    PyOZ supports Python 3.8 through 3.13. Testing is performed on Python 3.9 - 3.13.

## Installing Zig

### Linux

```bash
# Download from ziglang.org
wget https://ziglang.org/download/0.13.0/zig-linux-x86_64-0.13.0.tar.xz
tar xf zig-linux-x86_64-0.13.0.tar.xz
export PATH=$PATH:$(pwd)/zig-linux-x86_64-0.13.0
```

Or use your package manager:

```bash
# Ubuntu/Debian (may have older version)
sudo apt install zig

# Arch Linux
sudo pacman -S zig
```

### macOS

```bash
# Homebrew
brew install zig

# Or download from ziglang.org
```

### Windows

Download from [ziglang.org](https://ziglang.org/download/) and add to PATH.

## Installing Python Development Headers

### Linux

```bash
# Ubuntu/Debian
sudo apt install python3-dev

# Fedora
sudo dnf install python3-devel

# Arch Linux
sudo pacman -S python
```

### macOS

Python development headers are included with the system Python or Homebrew Python.

### Windows

Install Python from [python.org](https://python.org) with the "Install development files" option.

## Setting Up a PyOZ Project

### Option 1: Add as Zig Dependency

Add PyOZ to your `build.zig.zon`:

```zig
.{
    .name = "my-python-extension",
    .version = "0.1.0",
    .dependencies = .{
        .PyOZ = .{
            .url = "https://github.com/dzonerzy/PyOZ/archive/refs/tags/v0.4.0.tar.gz",
            .hash = "...", // Get hash from release
        },
    },
}
```

Then in your `build.zig`:

```zig
const std = @import("std");

pub fn build(b: *std.Build) void {
    const target = b.standardTargetOptions(.{});
    const optimize = b.standardOptimizeOption(.{});

    const pyoz_dep = b.dependency("PyOZ", .{
        .target = target,
        .optimize = optimize,
    });

    const lib = b.addSharedLibrary(.{
        .name = "mymodule",
        .root_source_file = b.path("src/main.zig"),
        .target = target,
        .optimize = optimize,
    });

    lib.root_module.addImport("PyOZ", pyoz_dep.module("PyOZ"));

    // Link Python
    lib.linkSystemLibrary("python3");
    lib.addIncludePath(.{ .cwd_relative = "/usr/include/python3.10" });

    b.installArtifact(lib);
}
```

### Option 2: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dzonerzy/PyOZ.git
cd PyOZ
zig build example  # Build the example module
```

## Verifying Installation

After building, test your module:

```bash
cd zig-out/lib
python3 -c "import mymodule; print(mymodule.add(2, 3))"
```

## Next Steps

Continue to the [Quick Start](quickstart.md) guide to build your first PyOZ module.
